Write about fixing iframe scrolling (#1268)
browserengineering/book: book/embeds.md

        self.set_needs_paint()
```

If a frame other than the root frame is scrolled, we'll just set

> `needs_composite` so the browser has to reraster from scratch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`needs_composite` so the browser has to re-raster from scratch:
```

``` {.python}
class Tab:
    def run_animation_frame(self, scroll):
        # ...
        for (window_id, frame) in self.window_id_to_frame.items():
            if frame == self.root_frame: continue
            if frame.scroll_changed_in_frame:
                needs_composite = True
                frame.scroll_changed_in_frame = False
        # ...
```

> It's possible to composite or even thread iframe scrolling, but for

Reviewer: Remove this sentence, because it's redundant with the one on lines 1388-1389.
